Update wiki for custom skull JSON mappings (#175)
GeyserMC/GeyserWebsite: wiki/geyser/custom-skulls.mdx

---
title: Custom Skulls
description: Geyser allows mapping of custom skulls to custom blocks for use in inventories and on entities.
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

Unlike Minecraft: Java Edition, Bedrock Edition does not have native support for custom skull items.
As a result, any method to display custom skulls with Geyser is, to some extent, a workaround.
Geyser has long supported in-world custom skulls via the spawning of player entities.
This, however, does not allow for the use of custom skulls in inventories, nor does it allow them to be worn by entities.

To resolve this, Geyser allows for the pre-registration of custom skulls via custom JSON mappings
or the Geyser API. Geyser will then generate a custom resource pack on start that contains the geometry and textures
for the pre-registered custom skulls.

To the client, these skulls are blocks. Therefore, they can be held in player inventories.
In addition, attachables are defined for each skull block, so that it is displayed correctly when worn and held by entities.

> To set up custom skulls in geyser, you have to choose how you are going to register them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up custom skulls in Geyser, you have to choose how you are going to register them.
```

> The easiest is using custom JSON mappings, but you can also use the Geyser API, for example using a Geyser extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest is using custom mappings via JSON files. Alternatively, you can also use the Geyser API, for example using a Geyser extension or a plugin.
```

:::warning
Whilst Geyser tries its best to convert custom skulls automatically, it does not generate custom skull mappings.

> However, you can use automatic tools such as [Rainbow](/wiki/other/rainbow/) to make converting content simpler.

Reviewer: id just add an info that rainbow can also map them, dont really see a need to warn about geyser not doing it
